First commit to try a pull request (#1)
mikaylaakelly/mikayla-test: README.md

# mikayla-test
## this is a smaller title
### does it get smaller
#### omg it does
this is a **repo** for testing github activities

> 1. this is a numbered list

Author: this is a suggestion

> 2. second numbered list
> add somthing to my read me to test for a pull request

Author: ```suggestion
2. second numbered list
add something to my read me to test for a pull request (just kidding this is a suggestion)
```
